Oh My Mind's on the bottom I don't care
from face checking that you can't kill
me oh oh the dress on Jonna
my freshman
well she actually lived after all that
are you serious the old bitch not living
oh god please all about yes oh yes see
there's yes please got a good job search
remix it daddy not it i'm right here man
ah oh my god they're all sitting in that
Bush I know it's tell me whose they were
all in there yeah oh there guys look at
that they were all fuckit team up
I have so dead ah
you're gonna die yes ah piss off
No
fuck you Annie
oh shit yes see nerds that bounces all
those are perfect bounces coming Evelyn
check this blue
enough change my mind I go the other way
yes to fill flash it doesn't even matter
oh ah guess is dead sup hey fuck you oh
yes I'll calculate it oh I don't wanna
die yes see ya I'm out